Feature branch: Ephemeral resources (part 2) (#3122)
opentofu/opentofu: website/docs/language/ephemerality/index.mdx

or confidential keys managed by an external system.

It is recommended that all three concepts are considered when working with confidential information. If possible use ephemeral values/resources to prevent storing the data at all.  If confidential data must be stored, ensure that it is marked as
sensitive and that state and plan encryption are enabled and properly configured.

As part of this concept, the following constructs can be used:
* [Ephemeral Resources](./ephemeral-resources.mdx)
* [Ephemeral Variables](../values/variables.mdx#ephemerality)
* [Ephemeral Outputs](../values/outputs.mdx#ephemerality)
* [Locals](../values/locals.mdx#ephemerality)
* [Providers](../providers/configuration.mdx)
* [Provisioners](../resources/provisioners/syntax.mdx#suppressing-provisioner-logs-in-cli-output)
* [Resource `connection` blocks](../resources/provisioners/connection.mdx#ephemeral-usage)
* [Resource `write-only` attributes](./write-only-attributes.mdx)

## Compatibility
:::warning
This concept is inspired by and aims for compatibility with the equivalent "Ephemeral" concept in Terraform v1.12.

> If incompatibilities are discovered, we will consider accepting breaking changes in subsequent versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If incompatibilities are discovered, the OpenTofu team will consider accepting breaking changes in subsequent versions
```
